Clarify GitHub App VCS prerequisites and error remediation (#2564)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-docs-common/docs/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/api-tokens.mdx

</Note>

### GitHub App-backed VCS and API token types

The [GitHub App VCS provider](/terraform/cloud-docs/vcs/github-app) checks repository access at the level of the calling user's linked GitHub account, in addition to the GitHub App installation's repository scope. Connecting a workspace, Stack, or registry module to a GitHub App-backed repository with `vcs-repo.github-app-installation-id` requires the calling identity to have authorized HCP Terraform on a personal GitHub account through the [GitHub App OAuth flow](/terraform/cloud-docs/vcs/github-app#authorizing).

- **User API token.** The user who owns the token must have completed the GitHub App authorization at least once. If they have not, requests fail with a `422` error stating that the authenticated user must link a GitHub account through the GitHub App. The exact wording varies by endpoint. Refer to [Troubleshooting](/terraform/cloud-docs/vcs/github-app#troubleshooting) for the message each endpoint returns. To resolve the error, have the user sign in to HCP Terraform and follow the steps in [Authorizing](/terraform/cloud-docs/vcs/github-app#authorizing).

> - **Team and organization API tokens.** Team and organization tokens authenticate as a synthetic service account that cannot complete a personal GitHub OAuth flow, so you cannot use them to create or update a workspace, Stack, or registry module connected to a GitHub App-backed repository. They can still manage other workspace settings. For automation that manages OAuth-backed VCS connections, we recommend team and organization tokens because they are not tied to an individual GitHub account and keep working after a user leaves the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [GitHub App VCS provider](/terraform/cloud-docs/vcs/github-app) requires that both the calling user's linked GitHub account and the GitHub App installation have access to the VCS repository when you use the `vcs-repo.github-app-installation-id` field to link a repository to a workspace, Stack, or registry module. 

To connect a repository to a workspace, Stack, or registry module, you must use a user API token and complete the GitHub App OAuth workflow at least once. You cannot use a team or organization API token. If you do not complete the OAuth workflow, requests fail with a `422` error stating that the authenticated user must link a GitHub account through the GitHub App. To resolve the error, have the user sign in to HCP Terraform and follow the steps in [Authorizing](/terraform/cloud-docs/vcs/github-app#authorizing). 

You cannot use a team or organization API token to connect a repository to a workspace, Stack, or registry module, but you can use these tokens to manage workspace settings. For automation that manages OAuth-backed VCS connections, we recommend team and organization tokens because they are not tied to an individual GitHub account.

Refer to [Troubleshooting](/terraform/cloud-docs/vcs/github-app#troubleshooting) for information on how to troubleshoot the GitHub App VCS provider.
```

This is mostly just a style rewrite but an attempt to keep all of the relevant information.
